Currensee Programming Quiz




Using threads, write a program which will read alternating lines from a file,
and print them to the console (stdout), with identification of which 
thread read the data from the file.  The indicator should be the name of the 
thread which is doing the read/print of the line from the file.

One thread should read and print only the odd lines of the file, and the other
thread should read and print only the even lines of the file.  The file should
be opened and read only once - with reads alternating between the threads
responsible for reading and printing even and odd lines.

The program's main thread must terminate on it's own without any need to break
or kill the main process.


The example output from this program should look like:

Started.
Odd: 1
Even: 2
Odd: 3
Even: 4
Odd: 5
Even: 6
Odd: 7
Even: 8
Odd: 9
Even: a
Odd: b
Even: c
Odd: d
Even: e
Odd: f
Finished.


The application should contain a public static void main() method
so that we can compile and run it against the inputfile.txt easily.
You may deliever the solution as either a single .java file, or
if your solution involves more than one class, it must be delievered
as a runnable .jar.  If you submit a runnable .jar file, please
also submit the source file(s).  You can hard-code the path to the 
inputfile.txt, or allow it to be supplied as an argument to the main()
method.

You may use whichever Java programming environment  or IDE you are most familiar 
with.  However, the supplied solution must not have any dependencies beyond
those included with the JRE.  You may use all core JDK libraries up to and 
including JDK SE 6 (e.g. 1.6).




HINT:  The program must use two or more threads.  




-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This file and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended
solely for the addressee.  If you received this email in error, please do 
not disclose the contents to anyone; kindly notify the sender by return email 
and delete this email and any attachments from your system.

©2012 Currensee Inc.
is registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission “CFTC”as an Introducing 
Broker (“IB”) and is a member of the National Futures Association (NFA) Member ID 0403251 | 
Please note that overthe counter retail foreign currency (Forex) trading may involve
significant risk of loss. It is not suitable for all investors and you should make sure 
you understand the risks involved before trading, and seek independent advice if necessary. 
Any opinions, news, research, analyses, performance strategies, prices, charts or other 
information are not necessarily predictive of any particular result and do not constitute 
investment advice. Past performance isno indication of future results.

Currensee Inc | 54 Canal Street, 4th Floor, Boston, MA 02114 | +1.617.624.3824